If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our product candidates; we may be unable to generate any revenue. We currently do not have an organization for the sales; marketing and distribution of pharmaceutical products and the cost of establishing and maintaining such an organization may exceed the cost effectiveness of doing so. In order to market any products that may be approved; including MBX 8025 and arhalofenate; we must build our sales; marketing; managerial and other non technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. We may enter into strategic partnerships with third parties to commercialize our product candidates; including MBX 8025 and arhalofenate. 47 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements If we are unable to build our own sales force or negotiate a strategic partnership for the commercialization of our product candidates; we may be forced to delay the potential commercialization of MBX 8025 and arhalofenate; or reduce the scope of our sales or marketing activities for arhalofenate. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund commercialization activities ourselves; we will need to obtain additional capital; which may not be available to us on acceptable terms; or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds; we will not be able to bring MBX 8025 and arhalofenate to market or generate product revenue. If we are unable to establish adequate sales; marketing and distribution capabilities; whether independently or with third parties; we may not be able to generate sufficient product revenue and may not become profitable. We will be competing with companies that currently have extensive and well funded marketing and sales operations. Without an internal team or the support of a third party to perform marketing and sales functions; we may be unable to compete successfully against these more established companies. In addition; there are risks involved with both establishing our own sales and marketing capabilities and entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example; recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason; we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly; and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel.