Formulary approval and reimbursement may not be available for arhalofenate; MBX 8025 and our other product candidates; which could make it difficult for us to sell our products profitably. Obtaining formulary approval can be an expensive and time consuming process. We cannot be certain if and when we will obtain formulary approval to allow us to promote our product candidates; including arhalofenate and MBX 8025; into our target markets. Failure to obtain timely formulary approval will limit our commercial success. Furthermore; market acceptance and sales of arhalofenate; MBX 8025 or any other product candidates that we develop; will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities; private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and third party payors; such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations; decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A prevailing trend in the U.S. health care industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and these third party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Increasingly; third party payors are requiring that companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize and; if reimbursement is available; what the level of reimbursement will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for; or the price of; any product for which we obtain marketing approval. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for arhalofenate; or any other product candidates. Also; reimbursement amounts may reduce the demand for; or the price of; our products. If reimbursement is not available; or is available only to limited levels; we may not be able to successfully commercialize arhalofenate; or any other product candidates that we develop. 49 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The availability of generic treatments may also substantially reduce the likelihood of reimbursement for any future products; including arhalofenate. The application of user fees to generic drug products will likely expedite the approval of additional generic drug treatments. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of arhalofenate and any other product candidate that we develop; due to the trend toward managed health care; the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. In addition; there may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved products; and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the product is approved by the FDA or health authorities in other countries. Moreover; eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs; including research; development; manufacture; sale and distribution. Interim payments for new products; if applicable; may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Payment rates may vary according to the use of the product and the clinical setting in which it is used; may be based on payments allowed for lower cost products that are already reimbursed; and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government health care programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of products from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the U.S. Third party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. If we are unable to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government funded and private payors for any of our product candidates; including arhalofenate; it could have a material adverse effect on our operating results; our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition.