Because we expect to be dependent upon collaborative and license agreements; we might not meet our strategic objectives. Our ability to generate revenue in the near term depends on the timing of recognition of certain upfront payments; achievement of certain payment triggering events with our existing collaboration agreements and our ability to enter into additional collaborative agreements with third parties. Our ability to enter into new collaborations and the revenue; if any; that may be recognized under these collaborations is highly uncertain. If we are unable to enter into one or more new collaborations; our business prospects could be harmed; which could have an immediate adverse effect on our ability to continue to develop our compounds and on the trading price of our stock. Our ability to enter into a collaboration may be dependent on many factors; such as the results of our clinical trials; competitive factors and the fit of one of our programs with another company s risk tolerance; including toward regulatory issues; patent portfolio; clinical pipeline; the stage of the available data; particularly if it is early; overall corporate goals and financial position. To date; a portion of our revenues have been related to the research or transition phase of each of our collaborative agreements. Such revenues are for specified periods; and the impact of such revenues on our results of operations is at least partially offset by corresponding research costs. Following the completion of the research or transition phase of each collaborative agreement; additional revenues may come only from payments triggered by milestones and or the achievement of other contingent events; and royalties; which may not be paid; if at all; until certain conditions are met. This risk is heightened due to the fact that unsuccessful research efforts may preclude us from receiving any contingent payments under these agreements. Our receipt of revenues from collaborative arrangements is also significantly affected by the timing of efforts expended by us and our collaborators and the timing of lead compound identification. We have received payments from our collaborations with Aclaris ; BMS; AZ; BerGenBio; Janssen Pharmaceutica N.V.; a division of Johnson &amp Johnson; Novartis Pharma A.G.; Daiichi; Merck &amp Co.; Inc.; Merck Serono and Pfizer. Under many agreements; future payments may not be earned until the collaborator has advanced product candidates into clinical testing; which may never occur or may not occur until some time well into the future. If we are not able to generate revenue under our collaborations when and in accordance with our expectations or the expectations of industry analysts; this failure could harm our business and have an immediate adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 21 Table of Contents Our business requires us to generate meaningful revenue from royalties and licensing agreements. To date; we have not received any revenue from royalties for the commercial sale of drugs; and we do not know when we will receive any such revenue; if at all.