If our competitors develop technologies that are more effective than ours; our commercial opportunity will be reduced or eliminated. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Many of the drugs that we are attempting to discover will be competing with existing therapies. In addition; a number of companies are pursuing the development of pharmaceuticals that target the same diseases and conditions that we are targeting. For example; there are existing therapies and drug candidates in development for the treatment of ITP that may be alternative therapies to fostamatinib; if it is ultimately approved for commercialization. We face; and will continue to face; intense competition from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies; as well as from academic and research institutions and government agencies; both in the United States and abroad. Some of these competitors are pursuing the development of pharmaceuticals that target the same diseases and conditions as our research programs. Our major competitors include fully integrated pharmaceutical companies that have extensive drug discovery efforts and are developing novel small molecule pharmaceuticals. We also face significant competition from organizations that are pursuing the same or similar technologies; including the discovery of targets that are useful in compound screening; as the technologies used by us in our drug discovery efforts. Competition may also arise from new or better methods of target identification or validation other drug development technologies and methods of preventing or reducing the incidence of disease new small molecules or other classes of therapeutic agents. Our competitors or their collaborative partners may utilize discovery technologies and techniques or partner with collaborators in order to develop products more rapidly or successfully than we or our collaborators are able to do. Many of our competitors; particularly large pharmaceutical companies; have substantially greater financial; technical and human resources and larger research and development staffs than we do. In addition; academic institutions; government agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection with respect to potentially competitive products or technologies and may establish exclusive collaborative or licensing relationships with our competitors. We believe that our ability to compete is dependent; in part; upon our ability to create; maintain and license scientifically advanced technology and upon our and our collaborators ability to develop and commercialize pharmaceutical products based on this technology; as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; obtain patent protection or otherwise develop proprietary technology or processes and secure sufficient capital resources for the expected substantial time period between technological conception and commercial sales of products based upon our technology. The failure by any of our collaborators or us in any of those areas may prevent the successful commercialization of our potential drug targets. Many of our competitors; either alone or together with their collaborative partners; have significantly greater experience than we do in identifying and validating targets 23 Table of Contents screening compounds against targets and undertaking preclinical testing and clinical trials. Accordingly; our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection; identifying or validating new targets or discovering new drug compounds before we do. Our competitors might develop technologies and drugs that are more effective or less costly than any that are being developed by us or that would render our technology and product candidates obsolete and noncompetitive. In addition; our competitors may succeed in obtaining the approval of the FDA or other regulatory agencies for product candidates more rapidly. Companies that complete clinical trials; obtain required regulatory agency approvals and commence commercial sale of their drugs before us may achieve a significant competitive advantage; including certain patent and FDA marketing exclusivity rights that would delay or prevent our ability to market certain products. Any drugs resulting from our research and development efforts; or from our joint efforts with our existing or future collaborative partners; might not be able to compete successfully with competitors existing or future products or obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere. We face and will continue to face intense competition from other companies for collaborative arrangements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies; for establishing relationships with academic and research institutions and for licenses to additional technologies. These competitors; either alone or with their collaborative partners; may succeed in developing technologies or products that are more effective than ours.