If our corporate collaborations or license agreements are unsuccessful; or if we fail to form new corporate collaborations or license agreements; our research and development efforts could be delayed. Our strategy depends upon the formation and sustainability of multiple collaborative arrangements and license agreements with third parties now and in the future. We rely on these arrangements for not only financial resources; but also for expertise we need now and in the future relating to clinical trials; manufacturing; sales and marketing; and for licenses to technology rights. To date; we have entered into several such arrangements with corporate collaborators however; we do not know if these collaborations or additional collaborations with third parties; if any; will dedicate sufficient resources or if any development or commercialization efforts by third parties will be successful. In addition; our corporate collaborators may delay clinical trials; provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program; stop a clinical trial or abandon a drug candidate or development program. Should a collaborative partner fail to develop or commercialize a compound or product to which it has rights from us for any reason; including corporate restructuring; such failure might delay our ongoing research and development efforts; because we might not receive any future payments; and we would not receive any royalties associated with such compound or product. We initiated a Phase 3 clinical program to study fostamatinib in ITP in July 2014 on our own. We may seek another collaborator or licensee in the future for clinical development and commercialization of fostamatinib; as well as our other clinical programs; which we may not be able to obtain on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to form new collaborations or enter into new license agreements; our research and development efforts could be delayed. In addition; the continuation of some of our partnered drug discovery and development programs may be dependent on the periodic renewal of our corporate collaborations. Each of our collaborations could be terminated by the other party at any time; and we may not be able to renew these collaborations on acceptable terms; if at all; or negotiate additional corporate collaborations on acceptable terms; if at all. If these collaborations terminate or are not renewed; any resultant loss of revenues from these collaborations or loss of the resources and expertise of our collaborative partners could adversely affect our business. Conflicts also might arise with collaborative partners concerning proprietary rights to particular compounds. While our existing collaborative agreements typically provide that we retain milestone payments and royalty rights with respect to drugs developed from certain derivative compounds; any such payments or royalty rights may be at reduced rates; and disputes may arise over the application of derivative payment provisions to such drugs; and we may not be successful in such disputes. Additionally; the management teams of our collaborators may change for various reasons including due to being acquired. Different management teams or an acquiring company of our collaborators may have different priorities which may have adverse results on the collaboration with us. We are also a party to various license agreements that give us rights to use specified technologies in our 17 Table of Contents research and development processes. The agreements pursuant to which we have in licensed technology permit our licensors to terminate the agreements under certain circumstances. If we are not able to continue to license these and future technologies on commercially reasonable terms; our product development and research may be delayed or otherwise adversely affected.