Delays in clinical testing could result in increased costs to us. We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical studies or trials for our product candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these clinical trials as required by the FDA or 15 Table of Contents other regulatory authorities. Even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of patients in our clinical trials; if the pace of enrollment is slower than we expect; the development costs for our product candidates may increase and the completion of our clinical trials may be delayed or our clinical trials could become too expensive to complete. Significant delays in clinical testing could materially impact our product development costs and timing. For example; in July 2014; we initiated our Phase 3 clinical program to study fostamatinib in ITP; in which a total of 150 ITP patients will be randomized into two identical multi center; double blind; placebo controlled clinical trials. Our estimates regarding timing are based on a number of assumptions; including assumptions based on past experience with our other clinical programs. We completed patient enrollment of the first trial in January 2016. If we are unable to enroll the patients in the second trial at the projected rate; the completion of the clinical program could be delayed and the costs of conducting the program could increase; either of which could harm our business. Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons; including delays in obtaining regulatory approval to commence a study; delays from scaling up of a study; delays in reaching agreement on acceptable clinical trial agreement terms with prospective clinical sites; delays in obtaining institutional review board approval to conduct a study at a prospective clinical site or delays in recruiting subjects to participate in a study. In addition; we typically rely on third party clinical investigators to conduct our clinical trials and other third party organizations to oversee the operations of such trials and to perform data collection and analysis. The clinical investigators are not our employees; and we cannot control the amount or timing of resources that they devote to our programs. Failure of the third party organizations to meet their obligations could adversely affect clinical development of our products. As a result; we may face additional delaying factors outside our control if these parties do not perform their obligations in a timely fashion. While we have not yet experienced delays that have materially impacted our clinical trials or product development costs; delays of this sort could occur for the reasons identified above or other reasons. If we have delays in testing or obtaining regulatory approvals; our product development costs will increase. For example; we may need to make additional payments to third party investigators and organizations to retain their services or we may need to pay recruitment incentives. If the delays are significant; our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates will be harmed; and our ability to become profitable will be delayed. Moreover; these third party investigators and organizations may also have relationships with other commercial entities; some of which may compete with us. If these third party investigators and organizations assist our competitors at our expense; it could harm our competitive position.