Even if we obtain regulatory approval for arhalofenate; MBX 8025 and our other product candidates; we will still face extensive regulatory requirements and our products may face future development and regulatory difficulties. Even if we obtain regulatory approval in the U.S.; the FDA may still impose significant restrictions on the indicated uses or marketing of our product candidates; including arhalofenate and MBX 8025; or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post approval studies or post market surveillance. For example; the labeling ultimately approved for our product candidates; including arhalofenate and MBX 8025; may include restrictions on use due to the specific patient population and manner of use in which the drug was evaluated and the safety and efficacy data obtained in those evaluations. Arhalofenate; MBX 8025 and our other product candidates will also be subject to additional ongoing FDA requirements governing the labeling; packaging; storage; distribution; safety surveillance; advertising; promotion; record keeping and reporting of safety and other post market information. The holder of an approved NDA is obligated to monitor and report AEs and any failure of a product to meet the specifications in the NDA. The holder of an approved NDA must also submit new or supplemental applications and obtain FDA approval for certain changes to the approved product; product labeling or manufacturing process. Advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules and are subject to FDA review; in addition to other potentially applicable federal and state laws. Furthermore; promotional materials must be approved by the FDA prior to use for any drug receiving accelerated approval; the pathway we are pursuing for arhalofenate in the U.S. In addition; manufacturers of drug products and their facilities are subject to payment of user fees and continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP); and adherence to commitments made in the NDA. If we; or a regulatory agency; discover previously unknown problems with a product; such as quality issues or AEs of unanticipated severity or frequency; or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured; a regulatory agency may impose restrictions relative to that product or the manufacturing facility; including requesting recall or withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing. If we; or our third party contractors; fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements following approval of our product candidate; a regulatory agency may issue an untitled or warning letter asserting violation of the law seek an injunction or impose civil or criminal penalties up to and including imprisonment or monetary fines suspend or withdraw regulatory approval 41 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements suspend any ongoing clinical trials refuse to approve a pending NDA or supplements to an NDA or request recall and or seize product. Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize arhalofenate and our other product candidates and inhibit our ability to generate revenues.