Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business. Our business is increasingly dependent on critical; complex and interdependent information technology systems; including Internet based systems; to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. The size and complexity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown; malicious intrusion and computer viruses that may result in the impairment of key business processes. In addition; our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property; or could lead to the public exposure of personally identifiable information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees; collaborators; and others. A data security breach or privacy violation that leads to disclosure or modification of or prevents access to patient information; including personally identifiable information or protected health information; could harm our reputation; compel us to comply with federal and or state breach notification laws; subject us to mandatory corrective action; require us to verify the correctness of database contents and otherwise subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect personal data; resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. If we are unable to prevent such data security breaches or privacy violations or implement satisfactory remedial measures; our operations could be disrupted; and we may suffer loss of reputation; financial loss and other regulatory penalties because of lost or misappropriated information. In addition; these breaches and other inappropriate access can be difficult to detect; and any delay in identifying them may lead to increased harm of the type described above. Moreover; the prevalent use of mobile devices that access confidential information increases the risk of data security breaches; which could lead to the loss of confidential information; trade secrets or other intellectual property. While we have implemented security measures to protect our data security and information technology systems; such measures may not prevent such events. Such disruptions and breaches of security could have a material adverse effect on our business; financial condition and results of operations.