Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract; retain and motivate qualified personnel. We are highly dependent on principal members of our executive team listed under Business Executive Officers of Registrant of this Annual Report on Form 10 K. While we have entered into employment agreements or offer letters with each of our executive officers; any of them could leave our employment at any time; as all of our employees are at will employees. We do not maintain key person insurance for any of our executives or other employees. Recruiting and retaining other qualified employees for our business; including scientific and technical personnel; will also be critical to our success. There is currently a shortage of skilled executives in our industry; which is likely to continue. We also experience competition from universities and research institutions for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel. As a result; competition for skilled personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high. We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. In addition; failure of any of our clinical studies may make it more challenging to recruit and retain qualified personnel. If we are unable to successfully recruit key employees or replace the loss of services of any executive or key employee; it may adversely affect the progress of our research; development and commercialization objectives. In addition; we rely on consultants and advisors; including scientific and clinical advisors; to assist us in formulating our research and development and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us; which could also adversely affect the progress of our research; development and commercialization objectives.