Our stock price is likely to continue to be volatile. Currently; our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. Stocks traded over the counter typically are subject to greater volatility than stocks traded on stock exchanges; such as the NASDAQ Stock Market; due to the fact that OTC trading volumes are generally significantly lower than those on stock exchanges. This lower volume may allow a relatively few number of stock trades to greatly affect the stock price; particularly where the trading price of the stock price is relatively low. In addition; the stock markets and the markets for medical diagnostics and biotechnology stocks in particular; have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. Moreover; our stockholders and Board approved a 15 for 1 reverse stock split that resulted in increased volatility due to our higher stock price as adjusted for the reverse stock split. For example; our stock price at December 31; 2015 declined by more than 51% since July 1; 2015; the first trading day following the effectiveness of the reverse stock split. The trading price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be extremely volatile. Some of the many factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate include; in no particular order Our ability to grow our established business based on two FDA cleared products Our ability to develop; launch and commercialize potential new products Actions taken by regulatory authorities with respect to our products The progress and results of our product development efforts or those of our competitors Significant changes to our executive team or other members of senior management 21 The outcome of legal actions to which we may become a party Changes in our strategy and competitive positioning Changes in our capital structure; such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt Our ability to uplist to a national stock exchange and Restatements of our financial results and or material weaknesses in our internal controls. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. Investors may not be able to sell when they desire due to insufficient buyer demand and may realize less than; or lose all of; their investment.