Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders; restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. Until such time; if ever; as we can generate substantial product revenues; we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings; debt financings; collaborations; strategic alliances; licensing arrangements and other marketing and distribution arrangements. We do not have any committed external source of funds. In order to raise additional funds to support our operations; we may sell additional equity or debt securities; enter into collaborations; strategic alliances; or licensing arrangements or other marketing or distribution arrangements. In July 2015; we completed the issuance of 8;188;000 shares of our common stock at $2.81 per share in an underwritten public offering. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities; ownership interests of our stockholders will be diluted; and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of stockholders. Debt financing; if available; may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions; such as incurring additional debt; making capital expenditures; and declaring dividends; and will impose limitations on our ability to acquire; sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. If we raise additional funds through collaborations; strategic alliances; or licensing arrangements or other marketing or distribution arrangements with third parties; we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our intellectual property; technologies; future revenue streams; research programs or product candidates; or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities; our business; financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected and we may not be able to meet our debt service obligations. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed; we may be required to delay; limit; reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts; or grant others rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves.