Our ability to generate revenues will be diminished if we or our collaborative partners fail to obtain acceptable prices or an adequate level of reimbursement for products from third party payers or government agencies. The drugs we hope to develop may be rejected by the marketplace due to many factors; including cost. Our ability to commercially exploit a drug may be limited due to the continuing efforts of government and third party payers to contain or reduce the costs of health care through various means. For example; in some foreign markets; pricing and profitability of prescription pharmaceuticals are subject to government control. In the United States; we expect that there will continue to be a number of federal and state proposals to implement similar government control. In addition; increasing emphasis on managed care in the United States will likely continue to put pressure on the pricing of pharmaceutical products. Cost control initiatives could decrease the price that we or any of our collaborators would receive for any products in the future. Further; cost control initiatives could adversely affect our and our collaborators ability to commercialize our products and our ability to realize royalties from this commercialization. Our ability to commercialize pharmaceutical products with collaborators may depend; in part; on the extent to which reimbursement for the products will be available from government and health administration authorities private health insurers and other third party payers. Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved healthcare products. Third party payers; including Medicare; are challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. Government and other third party payers increasingly are attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for new drugs and by refusing; in some cases; to provide coverage for uses of approved products for disease indications for which the FDA has not granted labeling approval. Third party insurance coverage may not be available to patients for any products we discover and develop; alone or with collaborators. If government and other third party payers do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement levels for our products; the market acceptance of these products may be reduced. 25 Table of Contents