Recently enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and affect the prices we may obtain. In the U.S. and some foreign jurisdictions; there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the health care system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates; restrict or regulate post approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any products for which we obtain marketing approval. 43 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements For example; in March 2010; the PPACA was enacted to broaden access to health insurance; reduce or constrain the growth of health care spending; enhance remedies against fraud and abuse; add new transparency requirements for health care and health insurance industries; impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. The PPACA revises the definition of average manufacturer price for reporting purposes; which could increase the amount of Medicaid drug rebates to states. Further; the new law imposes a significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import branded prescription drug products. New provisions affecting compliance have also been enacted; which may affect our business practices with health care practitioners. Since its enactment there have been judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the PPACA; and we expect there will be additional challenges and amendments to it in the future. Although the full effect of the PPACA remains uncertain; it appears likely to continue the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing; especially under the Medicare program; and may also increase our regulatory burdens and operating costs. Further; other legislative changes have been adopted since the PPACA was enacted; such as the Budget Control Act of 2011 and the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012; which have resulted in reduced reimbursement under the Medicare program. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. In addition; there have been several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to; among other things; bring more transparency to drug pricing; review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs; and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. We are not sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted; or whether the FDA regulations; guidance or interpretations will be changed; or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates; if any; may be.