Healthcare reform and its restrictions on coverage and reimbursement may adversely affect our business. Legislation both proposed and passed has had an impact on reimbursement levels for diagnostic services; including laboratory tests. For instance; in March 2010; President Barack Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively; the PPACA ); which makes a number of substantial changes to the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among other things; the PPACA mandates a reduction in payments for clinical laboratory services paid under the Medicare Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule of 1.75% for the years 2011 through 2015. A productivity adjustment also is made to the fee schedule payment amount. In addition; on February 22; 2012; President Obama signed the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012; which; among other things; mandated an additional change in Medicare reimbursement for clinical laboratory services. This legislation requires a rebasing of the Medicare clinical laboratory fee schedule to effect a 2% reduction in payment rates otherwise determined for 2013; which in turn will serve as a base for 2014 and subsequent years. Further; with respect to the PPACA changes; the legislation establishes an Independent Payment Advisory Board ( IPAB ) to reduce the per capita rate of growth in Medicare spending. The IPAB has broad discretion to propose policies; which may have a negative impact on payment rates for services; including clinical laboratory services; beginning in 2016; and for hospital services beginning in 2020. PPACA also provided for an excise tax on medical devices and required to disclose all transfers of values to physicians and physician teaching institutions under the6 sunshine provisions of the PPACA. On December 18; 2015; President Obama signed into law the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015. The Act imposes a two year moratorium on the medical device excise tax effective for sales made after December 31; 2015. The full impact on our business of the PPACA and other government spending limitations resulting from broader cutbacks in government spending or reimbursement is uncertain. Levels of reimbursement may decrease in the future; and future legislation; regulation or reimbursement policies of third party payers may adversely affect the demand for and price levels of our products. PAMA included a substantial new payment system for clinical laboratory tests under the Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule. Under PAMA; Medicare payment rates for tests will be equal to the volume weighted median of the private payer payment rates for a test. The payment rates calculated under PAMA will be effective starting January 1; 2017; and will be reviewed every three years; based on private payer payment rates and volumes for their tests. On September 25; 2015; CMS released a proposed rule for the Medicare Clinical Diagnostic Laboratory Tests Payment System; which lays out the regulations and processes for the implementation of the PAMA law. As expected; CMS has proposed to begin the establishment of payment rates for clinical laboratory tests based on the currently available payment rates from commercial payers; effective January 1; 2017. Per the PAMA law and the proposed rule; regardless of the payment rates indicated by the commercial payer data provided to CMS; the maximum amount an individual payment for a clinical laboratory diagnostic test can be reduced is 10% for payments effective January 2017. We believe that; starting in 2017 and over time; our customers could see decreased reimbursement from Medicare for running our PLAC Tests which may impact the price at which we sell them our kits and negatively impact our revenue growth.