If third party payers do not reimburse our customers for the use of our clinical diagnostic products or if they reduce reimbursement levels; our ability to sell our products could be harmed. We sell our products primarily through distributors and to laboratory customers; substantially all of which receive reimbursement for the health care services they provide to their patients from third party payers; such as Medicare; Medicaid and other government programs; private insurance plans and managed care programs. Both the PLAC ELISA and PLAC Activity Tests are covered by Medicare. Third party payers are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. Accordingly; third party payers are increasingly challenging the prices charged for diagnostic tests. Most of these third party payers may deny coverage and reimbursement if they determine that a product was not medically necessary or not used in accordance with cost effective treatment methods; or was used for an unapproved indication. In the U.S.; third party payers generally require billing codes on claims for reimbursement that describe the services provided. For laboratory services; the American Medical Association ( AMA ) establishes most of the billing codes using Current Procedural Terminology ( CPT ) codes. Each third party payer generally develops payment amounts and coverage policies for their beneficiaries or members that ties to the CPT code established for the laboratory test and; therefore; coverage and reimbursement may differ by payer even if the same billing code is reported for claims filing purposes. Currently; the tests performed by our assays are described by 14 a specific CPT code for Lp PLA 2 . If our customers are not reimbursed for our products; they may reduce or discontinue purchases of our products; which would cause our revenues to decline. Lower than expected; or decreases in; reimbursement amounts for tests performed may negatively impact our ability to price our products successfully. On April 1; 2014 the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (PAMA) was signed into law. It includes the most extensive reform of the Medicare Clinical Fee Schedule (CLFS) since it was established in 1984. Section 216 of PAMA creates a new Section 1834A of the Social Security Act which contains many of the CLFS reforms. Starting on January 1; 2017; most rates on the CLFS will be derived from private payer rates for laboratory services. It is not clear how these changes in rates will impact us; but reduced rates could materially impact our future revenues. On September 25; 2015; Centers for Medicare &amp Medicaid Services; or CMS; released a proposed rule for the Medicare Clinical Diagnostic Laboratory Tests Payment System; which lays out the regulations and processes for the implementation of the PAMA law. As expected; the CMS has proposed to begin the establishment of payment rates for clinical laboratory tests based on the currently available payment rates from commercial payers; effective January 1; 2017. Per the PAMA law and the proposed rule; regardless of the payment rates indicated by the commercial payer data provided to the CMS; the maximum amount an individual payment for a clinical laboratory diagnostic test can be reduced is 10% for payments effective January 2017. It is not clear how these changes in rates will impact us; but reduced rates could materially impact our future revenues.