Any inability to adequately protect our proprietary technologies and product candidates could harm our competitive position. We will be able to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our proprietary technologies are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. We plan to continue to apply for patents covering our technologies and products as we deem appropriate. We cannot make assurances that our pending patent applications will issue as patents and; if they do; whether the scope of such claims will be sufficiently broad to prevent third parties from utilizing our technologies; commercializing our discoveries; or developing competing products. Any patents we currently hold; or obtain in the future; may be held invalid or unenforceable or may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from utilizing our technologies; commercializing our discoveries; or developing competing technologies and products. Moreover; expiration or invalidation of our issued patents may impact our ability to maintain the competitive position of our products. Furthermore; third parties may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or design around our patented technologies. Third parties may challenge or invalidate our patents; or our patents may fail to provide us with any competitive advantage. We have rights to patents and patent applications owned by licensors that provide important protection on the composition of matter and utility of our products; product candidates and product pipeline. We do not; however; directly control the prosecution and maintenance of all of these patents. A licensor may not fulfill its obligations under a license and may allow these patents to go abandoned or may not pursue meaningful claims for our products. Also; while the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has issued patents covering diagnostic utility or methods; we do not know whether or how courts will enforce these patents. If a court finds our patents for these types of inventions to be invalid; unenforceable or interprets them narrowly; the benefits of our patent strategy may not materialize. If any or all of these events occur; they could diminish the value of our intellectual property.