Our success is dependent on intellectual property rights held by us and third parties; and our interest in such rights is complex and uncertain. Our success will depend to a large part on our own; our licensees and our licensors ability to obtain and defend patents for each party s respective technologies and the compounds and other products; if any; resulting from the application of such technologies. We have about 7 4 pending patent applications and about 3 30 issued and active patents in the United States; as well as corresponding pending foreign patent applications and issued foreign patents. In the future; our patent position might be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. For example; we may be involved in post grant proceedings before the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Post grant proceedings are complex and expensive legal proceedings and there is no assurance we will be successful in any such proceedings. A post grant proceeding could result in our losing our patent rights and or our freedom to operate and or require us to pay significant royalties. Additional uncertainty may result because no consistent policy regarding the breadth of legal claims allowed in biotechnology patents has emerged to date. Accordingly; we cannot predict the breadth of claims allowed in our or other companies patents. Because the degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain; we cannot assure you that we were the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications we were the first to file patent applications for these inventions others will not independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies any of our pending patent applications will result in issued patents 19 Table of Contents any patents issued to us or our collaborators will provide a basis for commercially viable products or will provide us with any competitive advantages or will not be challenged by third parties we will develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable or the patents of others will not have a negative effect on our ability to do business. We rely on trade secrets to protect technology where we believe patent protection is not appropriate or obtainable however; trade secrets are difficult to protect. While we require employees; collaborators and consultants to enter into confidentiality agreements; we may not be able to adequately protect our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure or the lawful development by others of such information. We are a party to certain in license agreements that are important to our business; and we generally do not control the prosecution of in licensed technology. Accordingly; we are unable to exercise the same degree of control over this intellectual property as we exercise over our internally developed technology. Moreover; some of our academic institution licensors; research collaborators and scientific advisors have rights to publish data and information in which we have rights. If we cannot maintain the confidentiality of our technology and other confidential information in connection with our collaborations; our ability to receive patent protection or protect our proprietary information may otherwise be impaired. In addition; some of the technology we have licensed relies on patented inventions developed using U.S. government resources. The U.S. government retains certain rights; as defined by law; in such patents; and may choose to exercise such rights. Certain of our in licenses may be terminated if we fail to meet specified obligations. If we fail to meet such obligations and any of our licensors exercise their termination rights; we could lose our rights under those agreements. If we lose any of our rights; it may adversely affect the way we conduct our business. In addition; because certain of our licenses are sublicenses; the actions of our licensors may affect our rights under those licenses.