Third party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our development and commercialization efforts or otherwise affect our business. Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement and other violations of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation; both within and outside the U.S.; involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries; including patent infringement lawsuits; interferences; oppositions and inter party re examination proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (U.S. PTO) and its foreign counterparts. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications; which are owned by third parties; exist in the fields in which we and our collaborators are developing product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued; and as we gain greater visibility and market exposure as a public company; the risk increases that our product candidates or other business activities may be subject to claims of infringement of the patent and other proprietary rights of third parties. Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. There may be third party patents or patent applications with claims to materials; formulations; methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue; there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe. In addition; third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. If any third party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of any of our product candidates; any molecules formed during the manufacturing process or any final product itself; the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize such product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents; or until such patents expire. Similarly; if any third party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations; processes for manufacture or methods of use; including combination therapy; the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the applicable product candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires. In either case; such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In addition; we may be subject to claims that we are infringing other intellectual property rights; such as trademarks or copyrights; or misappropriating the trade secrets of others; and to the extent that our employees; consultants or contractors use intellectual property or proprietary information owned by others in their work for us; disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know how and inventions. Parties making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief; which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. Defense of these claims; regardless of their merit; would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful infringement or other intellectual property claim against us; we may have to pay substantial damages; including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement; obtain one or more licenses from third parties; pay royalties or redesign our affected products; which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore; even in the absence of litigation; we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates; and we have done so from time to time. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms; if at all. In that event; we would be unable to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates; which could harm our business significantly. We cannot provide any assurances that third party patents do not exist which might be enforced against our products or product candidates; resulting in either an injunction prohibiting our sales; or; with respect to our sales; an obligation on our part to pay royalties and or other forms of compensation to third parties. 53 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements