We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents; the patents of our licensors or our other intellectual property rights; which could be expensive; time consuming and unsuccessful. Competitors may infringe or otherwise violate our patents; the patents of our licensors or our other intellectual property rights. To counter infringement or unauthorized use; we may be required to file legal claims; which can be expensive and time consuming. In addition; in an infringement proceeding; a court may decide that a patent of ours or our licensors is not valid or is unenforceable; or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. The initiation of a claim against a third party may also cause the third party to bring counter claims against us. We may not be able to prevent; alone or with our licensors; misappropriation of our intellectual property rights; particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the U.S. Our business could be harmed if in a litigation if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Any litigation or other proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights may fail; and even if successful; may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. Furthermore; because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation; there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings; motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative; it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock.