If the combination of patents; trade secrets; trademarks; and contractual provisions that we rely on to protect our intellectual property proves inadequate; our ability to successfully commercialize our products will be harmed and we may never be able to operate our business profitably. Our success depends; in large part; on our ability to protect proprietary discoveries; technology; brands; creative works; and diagnostic tests under the patent and other intellectual property laws of the U.S. and other countries; so that we can seek to prevent others from unlawfully using our proprietary inventions and information. We hold issued patents in the U.S. covering PLAC ELISA and PLAC Activity. Certain patents for PLAC ELISA and PLAC Activity expired in 2015 or will expire in 2016. We continue to review new patent applications but there can be no assurance that these patent applications will be used or any issued patents will maintain a competitive advantage for our PLAC ELISA and PLAC Activity products. While there can be no assurance that other patents or our other intellectual property or regulatory barriers may further protect our PLAC ELISA and PLAC Activity products; we believe that there are manufacturing and regulatory barriers to competition that may limit the ability of potential competitors to achieve a clinical performance level comparable to our PLAC ELISA and PLAC Activity products. We have also filed or have licensed rights to a number of patent applications that are in an early stage of prosecution; and we cannot make any assurances that any of the pending patent applications will become issued and enforceable patents. In addition; due to technological changes that may affect our proposed products or judicial interpretation of the scope of our patents; our proposed products might not; now or in the future; be adequately covered by our patents. Furthermore; U.S. Supreme Court decisions in cases involving patents claiming genetic materials and information; and diagnostic products and methods based on genetic materials and information may impact our business. For example; on March 20; 2012; in Mayo Collaborative Services; DBA Mayo Medical Laboratories; et al. v. Prometheus Laboratories; Inc .; the U.S. Supreme Court issued an opinion holding that the processes claimed by Prometheus patent were not patent eligible because these processes determining the relationships between concentrations of certain metabolites in the blood and the likelihood that a thiopurine drug dosage will prove ineffective or cause harm merely apply laws of nature and are not themselves patentable. On June 13; 2013 in Association for Molecular Pathology et al.v. Myriad Genetics; Inc.; et al. the U.S. Supreme Court issued an opinion holding that a naturally occurring DNA segment is a product of nature and not patent eligible merely because it has been isolated; but cDNA is patent eligible because it is not naturally occurring. It is unknown what impact these decisions will have with respect to our patents. 20