If we are unable to obtain or protect intellectual property rights related to our products and product candidates; we may not be able to compete effectively in our market. We rely upon a combination of patents; trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property related to our products and product candidates. The strength of patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical field involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. The patent applications that we own; co own or in license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover the products in the U.S. or in other countries. If this were to occur; early generic competition could be expected against our product candidates in development. There is no assurance that all of the potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found; which can invalidate a patent or prevent a patent from issuing based on a pending patent application. Even if patents do successfully issue; third parties may challenge their validity; enforceability; scope or ownership; which may result in such patents; or our rights to such patents; being narrowed or invalidated. Furthermore; even if they are unchallenged; our patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our intellectual property or prevent others from designing around our claims. If the patent applications we hold or license with respect to our product candidates fail to issue or if their breadth or strength of protection is threatened; it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us and threaten our ability to commercialize our products. We cannot offer any assurances about which; if any; patents will issue or whether any issued patents will be found invalid or unenforceable; will be challenged by third parties or will adequately protect our products and product candidates. Further; if we encounter delays in development or regulatory approvals; the period of time during which we could market our products under patent protection could be reduced. Since patent applications in the U.S. and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing; and some remain so until issued; we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to file any patent application related to our product candidates. Furthermore; if third parties have filed such patent applications; an interference proceeding in the U.S. can be provoked by a third party or instituted by us to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of our applications. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license it from the prevailing party; which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In addition to the protection afforded by patents; we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know how that is not patentable; processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and other elements of our drug discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know how; information or technology that is not covered by patents. Although we expect all of our employees to assign their inventions to us; and all of our employees; consultants; advisors and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know how; information or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements; we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed; that such agreements provide adequate protection and will not be breached; that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not otherwise be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. If we are unable to prevent material disclosure of the non patented intellectual property related to our technologies to third parties; and there is no guarantee that we will have any such enforceable trade secret protection; we may not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market; which could materially adversely affect our business; results of operations and financial condition. Further; the laws of some foreign countries do not protect patents and other proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the U.S. As a result; we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property abroad. We may also fail to pursue or obtain patents and other intellectual property protection relating to our products and product candidates in all foreign countries. 52 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements