Our patents and other proprietary rights may fail to protect our business. If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property; third parties may be able to use our technology which could adversely affect our ability to compete in the market. To be successful and compete; we must obtain and protect patents on our products and technology and protect our trade secrets. Where appropriate; we seek patent protection for certain aspects of the technology we are developing; but patent protection may not be available for some of our product candidates or their use; synthesis or formulations. The patent position of biotechnology firms is highly uncertain; involves complex legal and factual questions; and has recently been the subject of much litigation. No consistent policy has emerged from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or the courts regarding the breadth of claims allowed or the degree of protection afforded under many biotechnology patents. In addition; there is a substantial backlog of biotechnology patent applications at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. As a consequence of these factors; the approval or rejection of patent applications may take several years. Also; the Leahy Smith America Invents Act was signed into law on September 16; 2011; and became fully effective in March 2013. In general; the legislation attempts to address issues surrounding the enforceability of patents and the increase in patent litigation by; among other things; moving to a first inventor to file system; establishing new procedures for challenging patents and establishing different methods for invalidating patents. While we cannot predict what form any new patent reform regulations ultimately may take; final governmental rule making and case law interpreting the new statute could introduce new substantive rules; procedures and case law bases for challenging patents; and certain reforms that make it easier for competitors to challenge our patents could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 34 TABLE OF CONTENTS We do not know whether our patent applications will result in issued patents. In addition; the receipt of a patent might not provide much practical protection. If we receive a patent with a narrow scope it will be easier for competitors to design products that do not infringe our patent. We cannot be certain that we will receive any additional patents; that the claims of our patents will offer significant protection for our technology; or that our patents will not be challenged; narrowed; invalidated or circumvented. Competitors may interfere with our patent protection in a variety of ways. Competitors may claim that they invented the claimed invention before us. Competitors may also claim that we are infringing on their patents and that; therefore; we cannot practice our technology as claimed under our patents. Competitors may also contest our patents by showing the patent examiner that the invention was not original; was not novel or was obvious. In litigation; a competitor could claim that our issued patents are not valid for a number of reasons. If a court agrees; our patents could be narrowed; invalidated or rendered unenforceable; or we may be forced to stop using the technology covered by these patents or to license the technology from third parties. As a company; we have no meaningful experience with competitors interfering with our patents or patent applications and therefore may not have the experience we would need to aggressively protect our patents should such action become necessary. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. Many countries; including certain countries in Europe; have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition; many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries; the patent owner may have limited remedies; which could materially diminish the value of the patent. Compulsory licensing of life saving drugs is also becoming increasingly popular in developing countries either through direct legislation or international initiatives. Such compulsory licenses could be extended to include some of our product candidates; which could limit our potential revenue opportunities. Moreover; the legal systems of certain countries; particularly certain developing countries; do not favor the aggressive enforcement of patent and other intellectual property protection; which makes it difficult to stop infringement. Drug candidates we develop that are approved for commercial marketing by the FDA would be subject to the provisions of the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984; known as the Hatch Waxman Act. The Hatch Waxman Act provides companies with marketing exclusivity for varying time periods during which generic versions of a drug may not be marketed and allows companies to apply to extend patent protection for up to five additional years. It also provides a means for approving generic versions of a drug once the marketing exclusivity period has ended and all relevant patents have expired. The period of exclusive marketing; however; may be shortened if a patent is successfully challenged and defeated; which could reduce the amount of revenue we receive for such product.