If the third parties we rely upon to conduct; supervise and monitor our clinical studies perform in an unsatisfactory manner; it may harm our business. We rely on CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials. While we have agreements governing their activities; we have limited influence over their actual performance. We have relied and plan to continue to rely upon CROs to monitor and manage data for our ongoing clinical programs for tivantinib and our other product candidates; as well as the execution of nonclinical studies. We control only certain aspects of our CROs activities. Nevertheless; we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol; legal; regulatory and scientific standards and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs are required to comply with the FDA s current Good Clinical Practices; or cGCPs; which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA for all of our product candidates in clinical development. The FDA enforces these cGCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors; principal investigators and clinical trial sites. If we or our CROs fail to comply with applicable cGCPs; the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. Upon inspection; the FDA may determine that our Phase 3 clinical trials do not comply with cGCPs. In addition; our Phase 3 clinical trials will require a sufficiently large number of test subjects to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of tivantinib. Accordingly; if our CROs fail to comply with these regulations or fail to recruit a sufficient number of patients; we may be required to repeat the Phase 3 clinical trials; which would delay the 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS regulatory approval process. Our CROs are not our employees; and we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical and nonclinical programs. These CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities; including our competitors; for whom they may also be conducting clinical studies; or other drug development activities which could harm our competitive position. We face the risk of potential unauthorized disclosure or misappropriation of our intellectual property by CROs; which may allow our potential competitors to access our proprietary technology. If our CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations; fail to meet expected deadlines; or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements; or for any other reasons; our clinical trials may be extended; delayed or terminated; and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for; or successfully commercialize tivantinib; or our other product candidates. As a result; our financial results and the commercial prospects for tivantinib and any future product candidates that we develop would be harmed; our costs could increase; and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed or eliminated.