If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval to market products in the United States and foreign jurisdictions; we will not be permitted to commercialize products we or our collaborative partners may develop. We cannot predict whether regulatory clearance will be obtained for any product that we; or our collaborative partners; hope to develop. Satisfaction of regulatory requirements typically takes many years; is dependent upon the type; complexity and novelty of the product and requires the expenditure of substantial resources. Of particular significance to us are the requirements relating to research and development and testing. Before commencing clinical trials in humans in the United States; we; or our collaborative partners; will need to submit and receive approval from the FDA of an IND. Clinical trials are subject to oversight by institutional review boards and the FDA and must be conducted in conformance with the FDA s good clinical practices and other applicable regulations must meet requirements for institutional review board oversight must meet requirements for informed consent are subject to continuing FDA and regulatory oversight may require large numbers of test subjects and may be suspended by us; our collaborators or the FDA at any time if it is believed that the subjects participating in these trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or if the FDA finds deficiencies in the IND or the conduct of these trials. While we have stated that we intend to file additional INDs for future product candidates; this is only a statement of intent; and we may not be able to do so because we may not be able to identify potential product candidates. 18 Table of Contents In addition; the FDA may not approve any IND in a timely manner; or at all. Before receiving FDA approval to market a product; we must demonstrate with substantial clinical evidence that the product is safe and effective in the patient population and the indication that will be treated. Data obtained from preclinical and clinical activities are susceptible to varying interpretations that could delay; limit or prevent regulatory approvals. In addition; delays or rejections may be encountered based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action or changes in FDA policy during the period of product development; clinical trials and FDA regulatory review. Failure to comply with applicable FDA or other applicable regulatory requirements may result in criminal prosecution; civil penalties; recall or seizure of products; total or partial suspension of production or injunction; adverse publicity; as well as other regulatory action against our potential products or us. Additionally; we have limited experience in conducting and managing the clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval. If regulatory approval of a product is granted; this approval will be limited to those indications or disease states and conditions for which the product is demonstrated through clinical trials to be safe and efficacious. We cannot assure you that any compound developed by us; alone or with others; will prove to be safe and efficacious in clinical trials and will meet all of the applicable regulatory requirements needed to receive marketing approval. Outside the United States; our ability; or that of our collaborative partners; to market a product is contingent upon receiving a marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities. This foreign regulatory approval process typically includes all of the risks and costs associated with FDA approval described above and may also include additional risks and costs; such as the risk that such foreign regulatory authorities; which often have different regulatory and clinical trial requirements; interpretations and guidance from the FDA; may require additional clinical trials or results for approval of a product candidate; any of which could result in delays; significant additional costs or failure to obtain such regulatory approval. For example; there can be no assurance that we or our collaborative partners will not have to provide additional information or analysis; or conduct additional clinical trials; before receiving approval to market product candidates.