Our ability to generate future revenues from product sales is uncertain and depends upon our ability to successfully develop; obtain regulatory approval for; and commercialize our product candidates. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends on our ability; alone or with collaborators; to successfully complete the development of; obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for and commercialize our product candidates. We do not anticipate generating revenues from sales of our product candidates for the foreseeable future; if ever. Our ability to generate future revenues from product sales depends heavily on our success in obtaining favorable results for and advancing the development of arhalofenate; including raising sufficient capital or partnering with a third party to successfully initiate our Phase 3 clinical development obtaining United States (U.S.) and foreign regulatory approvals for arhalofenate launching and commercializing arhalofenate; either on our own or with a partner; including building a sales force and collaborating with third parties achieving broad market acceptance of arhalofenate in the medical community and by third party payors and patients obtaining favorable results for and advancing the development of MBX 8025 and generating a pipeline of product candidates. Conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials is a time consuming; expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete; and we may never generate the necessary data required to obtain regulatory approval and achieve product sales. Our anticipated development costs would likely increase if we do not obtain favorable results or if development of our product candidates is delayed. In particular; we would likely incur higher costs than we currently anticipate if development of our product candidates is delayed because we are required by a regulatory authority such as the U.S. FDA to perform studies or trials in addition to those that we currently 32 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements anticipate. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical product development; we are unable to predict the timing or amount of any increase in our anticipated development costs. In addition; our product candidates; if approved; may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenues; if any; will be derived from sales of products that we do not expect to be commercially available for several years; if at all. Even if one or more of our product candidates is approved for commercial sale; we anticipate incurring significant costs in connection with commercialization. As a result; we cannot assure you that we will be able to generate revenues from sales of any approved product candidates; or that we will achieve or maintain profitability even if we do generate sales.