Our product candidates are subject to a lengthy and uncertain regulatory process that may not result in the necessary regulatory approvals; which would adversely affect our ability to commercialize products. We have only limited experience in regulatory affairs. Our product candidates; as well as the activities associated with their research; development and commercialization; are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the U.S. and by comparable authorities in other countries; for example EMA in the E.U. These regulations govern or influence the manufacturing; assessment of benefit and risk; safety; labeling; storage; records and marketing of these products. 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS Failure to obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate would prevent us from commercializing that product candidate. We have not applied for or received regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates in any jurisdiction and have only limited experience in preparing and filing the applications necessary to gain regulatory approvals. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals is expensive; often takes many years; if approval is obtained at all; and can vary substantially based upon the type; complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. The regulatory process requires preclinical testing; and data obtained from preclinical and clinical activities are susceptible to varying interpretations; which could delay; limit or prevent regulatory approval. In addition; the results of later trials may not confirm the positive results of earlier preclinical studies or trials. Delays or rejections may also be encountered based upon changes in regulatory policy for product approval during the period of product development and regulatory agency review. Changes in regulatory approval policy; regulations or statutes or the process for regulatory review during the development or approval phases of our product candidates may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. We have completed certain Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials of tivantinib. We also completed enrollment of patients in the Phase 3 METIV trial in HCC after reducing the original dose employed in this trial due to a higher than anticipated rate of neutropenia and together with our partner; Kyowa Hakko Kirin; are conducting a Phase 3 clinical trial in HCC. We also completed patient enrollment in the Phase 3 MARQUEE trial in NSCLC; which was discontinued following a planned interim analysis that concluded the study would not meet its primary endpoint. Patients also completed treatment in the Phase 3 ATTENTION trial by Kyowa Hakko Kirin; enrollment in which was permanently suspended following the recommendation of an independent Safety Review Committee after the reporting of cases of ILD in the study as a drug related adverse event. It is our understanding that patients who were enrolled in the ATTENTION trial at the time of the safety finding continued to receive treatment with the combination of tivantinib and erlotinib upon request from the patient and investigator and after providing new informed consent. Results of the downsized ATTENTION trial did not meet the primary endpoint of improved overall survival. We have also conducted or are conducting Phase 1a 1b or Phase 2 clinical testing of ARQ 092; ARQ 087; ARQ 761; and ARQ 751. We have never filed or prosecuted the applications necessary to gain regulatory approvals. A company first must conduct preclinical studies in the laboratory and in animal models to gain preliminary information on a candidate compound s activity and to identify potential safety problems. Preclinical studies must be conducted in accordance with applicable regulations of the relevant regulatory authority (e.g. the FDA in the U.S.; the EMA in E.U.). The results of these studies are submitted as a part of an IND application with the FDA or a Clinical Trial Application ( CTA ) with the appropriate regulatory authority outside of the U.S. The regulatory agency involved must review the data in the application before human clinical trials of an investigational drug can commence. If the regulatory authority does not object; a drug developer can begin clinical trials after expiration of a specified statutory period following submission of the application. Notwithstanding that the regulatory authority does not respond during the thirty day; post submission review period; the regulatory authority may at any time re evaluate the adequacy of the application and require additional information about any aspect of the IND or CTA and corresponding clinical trial; e.g. preclinical testing; drug formulation and manufacture; dosing regimens and drug administration or potential safety risk. Before a new marketing application can be filed with the FDA or other regulatory authority; the product candidate must undergo extensive clinical trials. Any clinical trial may fail to produce results satisfactory to the regulatory authority; typically for lack of safety or efficacy or for safety risks. For example; the regulatory authority could determine that the design of a clinical trial is inadequate to produce reliable results or convincing results.